Welcome to Tower defense game!

Once there was a mighty castle in the land of lord Thakur. His reign was strong,
his choices just and wise and his folks were all happy in the days before now.
Unfortunately all this was bound to change when hordes of angry enemies from
other castle emerged and marched to war with lord Thakur. Avast! Kingdom of lord
Thakur needs you! Prevent enemies from hurting the innocent, avert the unfair
damage to the land of lord Thakur. You can see the place where enemies start
their crusade. Lord Thakur has provided you with resources to build defense
towers on his land. Build towers which kill the enemies but be careful. You only
have so much gold and you earn it by killing the enemies. If too many enemies
stride through your defense and reach the castle our lord Thakur will be
defeated.

Game starts when you select < 1. Start game > on game menu. You can see there
the map or save which will be played.

You can select other maps by selecting < 2. Select map >. List of available
maps will be shown. Maps are stored in <game directory>/maps.

This game provides game saving and replaying game from where you stopped.
Choose your saved game by selecting < 3. Select save > from game menu. List of
available saves will be shown. Saves are stored in <game directory>/saves.

If you need to understand the game before starting one on your own you can
select < 5. Start example game > from game menu. One quick game will be shown
played by computer. You can exit the example game anytime by writing exit or
quit to the console and you will be returned to the game menu. 

During the game you can enter shop which shows all the important information
about units, towers, upgrades and available commands. View the shop by writing
shop or man or manual to the console. You can return to game from shop by
writing back or resume or return. Everytime you visit the shop and when you
exit the game your game will be saved. Each save is named with the time when
saved.

Write back to return to menu...
